h1. Spree banner management tool extension


h2. Features

* Allows you to create Ad Sets and randomly display on a page.
* Banner naming
* Assign Ad Set to a page
* Providing a click-through url
* Upload Ad Banners to the Ad Set complete with drag-and-drop order sorting.
* Included is index.rxml to provide an xml feed of all banner data in the database if you need it, or individual banners using image.rxml

_Note: Assigning a banner to a page requires spree-comatose, "http://github.com/bcalloway/spree-comatose":http://github.com/bcalloway/spree-comatose, to power the CMS._

h2. Requirements

<p>*Spree-Comatose*<br />
"http://github.com/bcalloway/spree-comatose":http://github.com/bcalloway/spree-comatose</p>

<p>*Imagemagick*<br />
"http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php":http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php</p>

<p>*Gems/Plugins*<br /> 
Paperclip, "http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/tree/master":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/tree/master<br />
Rmagick, "http://rmagick.rubyforge.org":http://rmagick.rubyforge.org</p>

h2. How to Install

Place the banner extension in vendor/extensions/
<pre><code>
  git://github.com/bcalloway/spree-banners.git vendor/extensions/banners
</code></pre>

Run the migration of the Banner extension
<pre><code>
rake spree:extensions:banners:update
rake db:migrate
</code></pre>

h2. Notes

Be sure to vendor Paperclip in environment.rb
<pre><code>
config.gem 'thoughtbot-paperclip',
           :lib => 'paperclip',
           :source => 'http://gems.github.com'
</code></pre>

<p>By default, the tool picks an Ad Set and their associated Ad Banners at random, based on the page assigned.</p>

To place a single 300x250 banner on a page, call the <code>show_banners</code> helper, passing the position and number of banners to display:
<pre><code>
  = show_banners("sidebar", 1)
</code></pre>

To place smaller 158x90 sponsor banners:
<pre><code>
  = show_banners("footer", 4)
</code></pre>

Copyright (c) 2010 Brandon Calloway, released under the MIT License